docs/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'The Relace API serves our suite of publicly available models for code generation. '
---

## Getting Started

<CardGroup cols="2">
  <Card
    title="Make an Account"
    icon="user-plus"
    iconType="regular"
    href="https://app.relace.ai"
  >
    Sign up for Relace to get access to our specialized models.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Try the Playground"
    icon="circle-check"
    href="https://app.relace.ai/playground/instant-apply"
  >
    Use our interactive interface to learn more about how our models work.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Model Guides

Take a look at the step-by-step guides and explanations of the Relace models.

<CardGroup cols="2">
  <Card
    title="Instant Apply"
    icon="merge"
    href="/docs/instant-apply/quickstart"
  >
    Merge code snippets from an LLM into your existing codebase at 10,000 tok/s.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Code Reranker"
    icon="arrow-down-1-9"
    href="/docs/code-reranker/quickstart"
  >
    Assess the relevance of each file in your codebase to a user’s query in ~1-2
    s.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Embedding Model"
    icon="chart-scatter"
    href="/docs/embeddings/quickstart"
  >
    Embed and compare inputs to get a similarity score.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

first Agent draft of documentation

docs/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: "Introduction"
description: "The Relace API serves our suite of publicly available models for code generation. "
---

## Getting Started

<CardGroup cols="2">
  <Card
    title="Agent Setup Guide"
    icon="robot"
    iconType="regular"
    href="/docs/agent-guide"
  >
    Learn how to set up AI agents for automated code editing and development.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Try the Playground"
    icon="circle-check"
    href="https://app.relace.ai/playground/instant-apply"
  >
    Use our interactive interface to learn more about how our models work.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Model Guides

Take a look at the step-by-step guides and explanations of the Relace models.

<CardGroup cols="2">
  <Card
    title="Instant Apply"
    icon="merge"
    href="/docs/instant-apply/quickstart"
  >
    Merge code snippets from an LLM into your existing codebase at 10,000 tok/s.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Code Reranker"
    icon="arrow-down-1-9"
    href="/docs/code-reranker/quickstart"
  >
    Assess the relevance of each file in your codebase to a user’s query in ~1-2
    s.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Embedding Model"
    icon="chart-scatter"
    href="/docs/embeddings/quickstart"
  >
    Embed and compare inputs to get a similarity score.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
